Create base image Dockerfile (#111)
packit/deployment: cron-jobs/README.md

# Opneshift cron jobs

> Currently cron jobs configuration is not fully consistent, there is issue opened for it.

Reviewer: Let's link that issue here.

Author: fixed

## rebuild-base-image

> Cron job `rebuild-base-image` is rebuilding base image using DockerHub webhook, which is stored
> in secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rebuild-base-image` CronJob is rebuilding the base image using a DockerHub webhook. The webhook is stored in the secrets repo.
```
